<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--
To change this template, choose Tools | Templates
and open the template in the editor.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"

      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.prime.com.tr/ui"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

    <body>

        <h:head>

            <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
            <title>Privacy policy | Cloud9Cupid</title>
            <p:resources />
        </h:head>


        <ui:composition template="/templates/templatefive.xhtml">


            <ui:define name="contentten">


                <p:layout style="min-width:400px;height:3210px;margin-left:10%;margin-right:10%;   color:#ffffff;" id="layout">


                    <p:layoutUnit style="margin-left:10%;margin-right:10%;   "   position="center" resizable="true" size="100" minSize="40" maxSize="3050"  >


                        <h:outputText value="Hitmeupdate.com Privacy Policy" style="color: #000000; font-size: x-large;" />
                        <br>
                        </br>

                        This Privacy Policy ("Policy") explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by Hitmeupdate.com. This Policy applies to all of the websites, products, applications (including mobile applications and applications and pages operated by Hitmeupdate.com and available on social networking sites and other platforms and our downloadable products) and services offered by Hitmeupdate wherever this Policy is displayed (collectively, the "Services").

                        Please note that we are based in the United States of America. As such, any personal information you provide us with or is collected by us as detailed below is transferred to and processed by us in the United States of America (or other countries). By registering or subscribing to the Services, you agree to this transfer and processing.

                        All references to “Website” in this Policy refer to our website located at www.Hitmeupdate.com.
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        <br>
                        </br>

                        INFORMATION WE COLLECT
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        Information You Provide. When you register or subscribe to any of our Services, we may collect a variety of information, including your name, birth date, photographs, email address, password, phone number, including mobile phone number, billing information, credit card information and other contact or demographic information you provide. We also collect other profile data such as your personal interests and background, gender, age, geographical location and physical characteristics and any content or other communications you provide or make in connection with your use of the Services. We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services.
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        Information Automatically Collected.
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        When you access our Services, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website, such as your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, platform type, the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave our website, date and time stamp and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your account. When you access our Services using a mobile device, we may receive or collect your mobile device ID (often referred to as UDID), mobile carrier, device manufacturer and phone number. We also collect information about your usage of, and activity on, our Services. We may associate information we automatically collect with your personal information. We and service providers acting on our behalf, such as Google Analytics, use this information to understand and analyze trends, to administer our Services, to gather demographic information about our user base and to deliver you a more personalized experience.
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        Cookies and Other Technologies.
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        Our Services, email messages and advertisements may use "cookies" and other technologies such as pixel tags and Web beacons. "Cookies" are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website. Among other things, cookies help us improve our Services and your experience. We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our websites. We may also use cookies and other technologies to serve advertisements to you on our Services or on sites other than our websites. Web beacons and pixel tags are electronic images that may be used on our Services or in our emails. We use Web beacons and pixel tags to deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness, prevent fraud and to tell if an email or advertisement has been opened and acted upon.
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        Third Party Advertisers.
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        Any advertisers and advertising networks (which include third party ad servers, ad agencies, ad technology vendors and research firms) that serve ads or provide offers to our users, on our Services or on sites other than our websites, may also use their own cookies, web beacons, pixels and other tracking technologies. Such tracking technologies are governed by the privacy policies of the entities placing the ads, and are not subject to this Policy. You can visit networkadvertising.org [hyperlink] to see a list of advertising networks that typically serve these kinds of ads and to exercise your choice for those advertising networks. We do not control these advertisers or advertising networks or any other third parties whose websites may be linked from our Services or their practices. We recommend that your review the privacy statements of all third-party websites you visit.

                        <br>
                        </br>
                        <br>
                        </br>

                        USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        We use the personal information we collect for purposes described in this Policy or disclosed to you on or in connection with our Services. Ways we may use information about you include:
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        to operate, provide, maintain, develop, deliver, protect and improve our Services, products, applications, content and advertising and develop new products and services;
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        to maintain and administer your Hitmeupdate account;
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        to maintain and display your Hitmeupdate profile;
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        to respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        to detect and prevent abusive, fraudulent, malicious or potentially illegal activities, and to protect the rights, safety or property of Hitmeupdate or our users;
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        to enforce our Terms of Use Agreement;
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        to keep you posted on our latest product or service announcements, software updates, security alerts and any technical notices;
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        to communicate with you about new contests, promotions and rewards, upcoming events and other news about products and services offered by Hitmeupdate and our selected partners;
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        to provide you with confirmation of purchases, invoices, support and administrative messages or notice about changes to our terms, conditions or policies;
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        to administer any contests or promotions;
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        to perform other functions as otherwise described to you at the time of collection; and
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        to link or combine information about you with other information we get from third parties to help understand your needs and provide you with better service.

                        <br>
                        </br>
                        <br>
                        </br>


                        PEOPLE UNDER THE AGE OF 18
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        People under the age of 18 are strictly prohibited from using our Services.

                        <br>
                        </br>
                        <br>
                        </br>


                        UPDATES TO THIS POLICY
                        <br>
                        </br>

                        We reserve the right to modify this Policy from time to time. If we make any changes to this Policy, we will change the "Last Revision" date below and will post the updated Policy on this page.
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        last revision 8/4/2012.

                    </p:layoutUnit>

                </p:layout>


            </ui:define>



        </ui:composition>



    </body>
</html>
