<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--
To change this template, choose Tools | Templates
and open the template in the editor.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"

      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.prime.com.tr/ui"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

    <body>

        <h:head>

            <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
            <title>Safety | Cloud9Cupid</title>
            <p:resources />
        </h:head>


        <ui:composition template="/templates/templatefive.xhtml">


            <ui:define name="contentten">



                <p:layout style="min-width:400px;height:2210px; margin-left:10%;margin-right:10%;    color:#ffffff;" id="layout">


                    <p:layoutUnit style="margin-left:10%;margin-right:10%;"  position="center" resizable="true" size="100" minSize="40" maxSize="3050"  >


                        <h:outputText value="Hitmeupdate.com Online Dating Safety Tips" style="color: #000000; font-size: x-large;" />
                        <br>
                        </br>



                        Hitmeupdate.com wants to help you date your way, whether you want to browse, flirt or find your soul mate. While doing so, however, your personal safety should be your top priority and you should always use caution and your best judgment when communicating with or meeting new people, both online and offline. Below are tips that can help you have a fun and safe experience using Hitmeupdate.com.
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        <br>
                        </br>


                        SHARING INFORMATION

                        <br>
                        </br>
                        <br>
                        </br>

                        There is no substitute for acting with caution when communicating with any stranger who wants to meet you. When communicating with other users, you should:
                        <br>
                        </br>

                        Always be cautious when deciding whether to share personal information that could reveal your identity.
                        Never include your last name, e-mail address, home address, phone number, place of work, or any other identifying information on your profile or initial emails.
                        Avoid sharing your real name, email address, place of work, address, phone number or other identifying information while you are emailing or chatting until you are completely comfortable.
                        Stop communicating with anyone who attempts to pressure you into providing your personal or financial information or in any way attempts to trick you into providing it.
                        Use an anonymous third-party email address for your dating purposes. Although your communications on Hitmeupdate, whether through email or our Messenger product, are designed to help protect your identity until you choose to reveal it, hackers can breach nearly any technology and you should still use extra caution in your communications.
                        Trust your instincts and immediately stop communicating with anyone who makes you feel uncomfortable or apprehensive.
                        Remember that anyone who is able to commit identity theft can also falsify a dating profile.
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        <br>
                        </br>

                        DO YOUR OWN RESEARCH
                        <br>
                        </br>

                        Hitmeupdate DOES NOT ROUTINELY SCREEN ITS USERS, INQUIRE INTO THE BACKGROUND OF OUR USERS, ATTEMPT TO VERIFY INFORMATION PROVIDED BY OUR USERS OR CONDUCT CRIMINAL SCREENINGS OF OUR USERS.We believe that providing background checks would lead to a false sense of security since databases of criminal convictions may not be up to date, not all convictions appear in background screenings and criminals may circumvent even the most sophisticated background screenings.
                        <br>
                        </br>

                        We recommend that you conduct your own research before sharing any personal information with, or meeting, another person. You can do this by searching for the person's name via an Internet search engine, contacting your local municipalities to obtain public information or using a paid service to obtain a full background report. It is important to use common sense and caution with every person you communicate with using our services. If any information a person provides you doesn't make sense, conflicts with other information that was provided or makes you apprehensive, you should end the communication.

                        <br>
                        </br>
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        Safety Tips for Meeting Offline:
                        
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        First meetings are exciting, however, always take precautions and use the following guidelines.
                      
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        Always meet in public.
                      
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        Meet for the first time in a populated, public location – never in a private or remote location.
                       
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        Tell a friend.
                       
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        Inform a friend or family member of your plans and when and where you're going. If you own a mobile phone, make sure you have it with you.
                        
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        Stay sober.
                       
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        Do not do anything that would impair your judgment and cause you to make a decision you could regret.
                        
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        Drive yourself to and from the first meeting.
                       
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        Just in case things don't work out, you need to be in control of your own ride – even if you take a taxi.
                       
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        Don't leave personal items unattended.
                       
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        You don't want to risk having personal information stolen. If you're drinking, keep your drink with you at all times to it can't be tampered with.
                       
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        Stay in a public place.
                       
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        It is best not to go back to your date's home or bring them back to yours on the first date. If your date pressures you, end the date and leave at once.
                       
                        <br>
                        </br>
                        Long Distance Meetings:

                        <br>
                        </br>
                        Long distance meetings pose special safety concerns to take into account. Keep these tips in mind.

                        <br>
                        </br>
                        “If it sounds too good to be true, it probably is.” Mama was right on target with this bit of advice. Remember that, when it comes to your personal safety, it's not only OK to snoop, it's your duty. Here are a few additional guidelines:
                        <br>
                        </br>

                        Stay in a hotel.

                        <br>
                        </br>
                        If you can't afford a hotel, don't go. DO NOT stay in the other person's home.
                        <br>
                        </br>

                        Use a taxi or rental car to get to and from the airport.

                        <br>
                        </br>
                        Even if the person you're meeting volunteers to pick you up from the airport, do not get into a personal vehicle with someone you've never met.

                        <br>
                        </br>
                        Keep your hotel location confidential.

                        <br>
                        </br>
                        The person you're meeting show respect your privacy until you know each other.

                        <br>
                        </br>
                        Remember to keep your family and friends posted.

                        <br>
                        </br>
                        Tell someone who you are meeting, where you are going and when you will return.

                        <br>
                        </br>


                    </p:layoutUnit>

                </p:layout>


            </ui:define>



        </ui:composition>



    </body>
</html>
