<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--
To change this template, choose Tools | Templates
and open the template in the editor.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"

      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.prime.com.tr/ui"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

    <body>

        <h:head>

            <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
            <title>Terms and conditions | Cloud9Cupid</title>
            <p:resources />
        </h:head>


        <ui:composition template="/templates/templatefive.xhtml">


            <ui:define  name="contentten">


                <p:layout style="min-width:400px;height:5110px; color:#ffffff; margin-left: 5%;margin-right:5%;  " id="layout">


                    <p:layoutUnit  style=" margin-left:5%;margin-right:5%;  " position="center" resizable="true" size="100" minSize="40" maxSize="3050"  >


                       

                        <h:outputText value="Hitmeupdate.com Terms of Use Agreement" style=" font-size: x-large;" />
                        <br>
                        </br>
 
                        Welcome to Hitemupdate.com, the service for single adults to meet each other online. By using the Hitmeupdate.com website, (the “Website”) you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use (this “Agreement”).
                        If you wish to become a Member and make use of the Hitemupdate.com service (the “Service”), please read these Terms of Use. If you object to anything in this Agreement or the Hitmeupdate.com Privacy Policy, do not use the Website or the Service.
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        1)Acceptance of Terms of Use Agreement: Electronic Agreement. This Agreement is an electronic contract that sets out the legally binding terms of your use of the Website and your membership in the Service.
                        This Agreement may be modified by Hitmeupdate.com from time to time, such modifications to be effective upon posting by Hitmeupdate.com on the Website. This Agreement includes Hitmeupdate.com's Acceptable Use Policy for Content Posted on the Website, Hitmeupdate.com's Privacy Policy and any and all notices regarding the Website.
                        By accessing the Website or becoming a Member, you accept this Agreement and agree to all of the terms, conditions and notices contained or referenced herein.
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        2)Electronic Agreement: This Agreement is an electronic contract that sets out the legally binding terms of your use of the Website and your membership in the Service. This Agreement may be modified by Hitmeupdate.com from time to time, such modifications to be effective upon posting by Hitmeupdate.com on the Website. This Agreement includes Hitmeupdate.com's Acceptable Use Policy for Content Posted on the Website, Hitmeupdate.com's Privacy Policy,  and any and all notices regarding the Website.
                        By accessing the Website or becoming a Member, you accept this Agreement and agree to all of the terms, conditions and notices contained or referenced herein.
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        3)Eligibility: You must be at least eighteen (18) years of age and single or separated from your spouse to register as a member of the Website or use the Service. Membership in the Service is void where prohibited. By using the Website, you represent and warrant that you have the right, authority and capacity to enter into this Agreement and to abide by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
                        If you become a Member, you represent and warrant that you have never been convicted of a felony and that you are not required to register as a sex offender with any government entity.
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        4)Right to Use:Your right to use the Service is subject to any limitations, conditions and restrictions established by us from time to time, in our sole discretion. We may alter, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the Service at any time, including the availability of any Service feature, database or content. We may also impose limits on certain features and aspects of the Service or restrict your access to parts or all of the Service without notice or liability and for any reason.
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        5)Code of Conduct:
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        a. You will keep all information provided to you through the Service as private and confidential and will not give such information to anyone without the permission of the person who provided it to you.
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        b. You will not use the Service to engage in any form of harassment or offensive behavior, including but not limited to the posting of communications, pictures or recordings which contain libellous, slanderous, abusive or defamatory statements, or racist, pornographic, obscene, or otherwise offensive language.
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        c. You will not forward chain letters through the Service.
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        d. You will not use the Service to infringe the privacy rights, property rights, or any other rights of any person.
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        e. You will not post messages, pictures or recordings or use the Service in any way that;
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        i. violates, plagiarizes or infringes upon the rights of any third party, including but not limited to any copyright or trade-mark law, privacy or other personal or proprietary rights, or
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        ii. is fraudulent or otherwise unlawful or violates any law.
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        f. You will not use the Service to distribute, promote or otherwise publish any material containing any solicitation for funds, advertising or solicitation for goods or services.
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        g. You will not use the Service to distribute or upload any virus, or malicious software of any type, or do anything else that might cause harm to the Service, the Website, Hitmeupdate, its systems, or any other members' systems in any way.
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        h. You will not post or transmit in any manner any contact information including but not limited to email addresses, "instant messenger" nicknames or contact information, telephone numbers, postal addresses, URLs, and full names through publicly posted information on the Website and through its Services.
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        i. You will not cause the Service to be accessed through any automated or robotic means, including but not limited to the rapid access of the site as in a denial-of-service attack. Such restriction shall not apply to legitimate search engine activity that does not place an unreasonable burden on the Service.
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        j. You will not use a third-party application such as a mobile smart phone application, social media or other Web page widget, or any other such mobile, social media, Web, or desktop application to access the Service, except where such application is either provided by us or endorsed by us. Such restriction shall not apply to a browser application which merely displays the pages of the Service in their entirety without modification or reformulation of content.
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        k. You will not make any commercial use of the Services or promote or solicit involvement in or support of a political platform, religion, cult, or sect;
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        l. You will not use the Service to redirect users to other sites or encourage users to visit other sites;
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        m. You will not harvest or collect email addresses or other contact information of other users from the Services by electronic or other means or use the Services to send, either directly or indirectly, any unsolicited bulk e-mail or communications, unsolicited commercial e-mail or communications or other spamming or spimming activities; or
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        n. You will not attempt to access any Services or area of the Sites that you are not authorized to access.
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        6)Monitoring of content:
                        We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information about your interests in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
                        We reserve the right to monitor all advertisements, public postings and messages to ensure that they conform to content guidelines that are monitored by us and subject to change from time to time.
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        7)Removal of content:
                        We do not and cannot review all profiles, public postings, messages or other materials posted or sent by users of the Service. We are not responsible for any of the content of these profiles, public postings, messages or other materials.
                        We reserve the right, but are not obligated to, delete, move or edit profiles, public postings, messages and other materials that we, in our sole discretion, deem to be in violation of the Code of Conduct as set out above or any other applicable content guidelines or deem to be otherwise unacceptable. You shall remain solely responsible for the content of profiles, public postings, messages and other materials you may upload to the Service.
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        8)Content:
                        The Service contains information which is proprietary to us, our partners, and our users. We assert full copyright protection in the Service. Information posted by us, our partners or users of the Service may be protected whether or not it is identified as proprietary to us or to them. You agree not to modify, copy or distribute any such information in any manner whatsoever without having first received the express written permission of the owner of such information.
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        You are solely responsible for the Content (as defined in paragraph (b.) below) that you publish, record, transmit or display (hereinafter, “post”) on the Service, or transmit to other Members. You will not post on the Service, or transmit to other Members, any defamatory, inaccurate, abusive, obscene, profane, offensive, sexually oriented, threatening, harassing, racially offensive, or illegal material, or any material that infringes or violates another party's rights (including, but not limited to, intellectual property rights, and rights of privacy and publicity). You will not provide inaccurate, misleading or false information to the Company or to any other Member. If information provided to Match.com, or another Member, subsequently becomes inaccurate, misleading or false, you will promptly notify Hitmeupdate.com of such change.
                        You understand and agree that Match.com may review and delete any content, messages, double-blind emails, videos (including streaming videos), voice notes, recordings, photos or profiles (collectively, “Content”), in each case in whole or in part, that in the sole judgment of Match.com violate this Agreement or which might be offensive, illegal, or that might violate the rights, harm, or threaten the safety of Members.
                        By posting Content to any public area of the Website, you automatically grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to Match.com, its affiliates, licensees and successors, an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, fully paid, worldwide license to use, copy, perform, display, reproduce, play, record, adapt, modify and distribute such information and content and to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate into other works, such information and content, and to grant and authorize sublicenses of the foregoing. You further represent and warrant that public posting and use of your content by Match.com will not infringe or violate the rights of any third party.
                        The following is a partial list of the kind of Content that is illegal or prohibited on the Website. Hitmeupdate.com reserves the right to investigate and take appropriate legal action in its sole discretion against anyone who violates this provision, including without limitation, removing the offending communication from the Service and terminating the membership of such violators. It includes, but is not limited to, Content that:
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        is patently offensive to the online community, such as Content that is obscene or promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual;
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        harasses or advocates harassment of another person;
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        involves the transmission of “junk mail”, “chain letters,” or unsolicited mass mailing or “spamming”;
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        promotes information that is false, misleading or promotes illegal activities or conduct that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory or libelous;
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        promotes an illegal or unauthorized copy of another person's copyrighted work, such as providing pirated computer programs or links to them, providing information to circumvent manufacture-installed copy-protect devices, or providing pirated images, audio or video, or links to pirated images, audio or video files;
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        contains restricted or password only access pages, or hidden pages or images (those not linked to or from another accessible page);
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        provides material that exploits people under the age of 18 in a sexual or violent manner, or solicits personal information from anyone under the age of 18;
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        provides instructional information about illegal activities such as making or buying illegal weapons, violating someone's privacy, or providing or creating computer viruses;
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        solicits passwords or personal identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other users; and
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        engages in commercial activities and/or sales without our prior written consent such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising, and pyramid schemes.
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        Your use of the Service, including but not limited to the Content you post on the Service, must be in accordance with any and all applicable laws and regulations.
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        You may not include in your Member profile any telephone numbers, street addresses, last names, URLs or email addresses.
                        You may not engage in advertising to, or solicitation of, other Members. This includes but is not limited to solicitation or advertising to buy or sell any products or services through the Service or to attend parties or other social functions or networking for commercial purposes. You may not transmit any chain letters or junk email to other Members. Although Chemispark.com cannot monitor the conduct of its Members off the Website, it is also a violation of these rules to use any information obtained from the Service in order to harass, abuse, or harm another person, or in order to contact, advertise to, solicit, or sell to any Member without their prior explicit consent. In order to protect our Members from such advertising or solicitation, we reserve the right to restrict the number of emails which a Member may send to other Members in any 24-hour period to a number which we deem appropriate in our sole discretion.
                        All information you include in your Member profile must be accurate, current and complete.
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        9)Prohibited Activities:
                        Prohibited Activities. Hitmeupdate.com reserves the right to investigate and terminate your membership if you have misused the Service, or behaved in a way which could be regarded as inappropriate or whose conduct is unlawful or illegal. The following is a partial list of the type of actions that you may not engage in with respect to the Service:
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        You will not impersonate any person or entity.
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        You will not “stalk” or otherwise harass any person.
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        You will not express or imply that any statements you make are endorsed by Hitmeupdate.com without our specific prior written consent.
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        You will not use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application, or other manual or automatic device or process to retrieve, index, “data mine”, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Service or its contents.
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        You will not post, distribute or reproduce in any way any copyrighted material, trademarks, or other proprietary information without obtaining the prior consent of the owner of such proprietary rights.
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        You will not remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices contained in the Service.
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        You will not interfere with or disrupt the Services or the site or the servers or networks connected to the Services or the site.
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        You will not post, email or otherwise transmit any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment.
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        You will not forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any information transmitted through the Service.
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        You will not “frame” or “mirror” any part of the Service or the Website, without Match.com's prior written authorization. You also shall not use meta tags or code or other devices containing any reference to Match.com or the Service or the site in order to direct any person to any other web site for any purpose.
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        You will not modify, adapt, sublicense, translate, sell, reverse engineer, decipher, decompile or otherwise disassemble any portion of the Service or the Website or any software used on or for the Service or cause others to do so.
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        10)Interacting with other members:
                        YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR INTERACTIONS WITH OTHER MEMBERS. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT HITMEUPDATE.COM CURRENTLY DOES NOT CONDUCT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECKS ON ITS MEMBERS. CHEMISPARK.COM ALSO DOES NOT INQUIRE INTO THE BACKGROUNDS OF ALL OF ITS MEMBERS OR ATTEMPT TO VERIFY THE STATEMENTS OF ITS MEMBERS. CHEMISPARK.COM MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE CONDUCT OF MEMBERS OR THEIR COMPATIBILITY WITH ANY CURRENT OR FUTURE MEMBERS. CHEMISPARK.COM RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CONDUCT ANY CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK OR OTHER SCREENINGS (SUCH AS SEX OFFENDER REGISTER SEARCHES), AT ANY TIME AND USING AVAILABLE PUBLIC RECORDS.

                        IN NO EVENT SHALL HITMEUPDATE.COM BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, WHETHER DIRECT, INDIRECT, GENERAL, SPECIAL, COMPENSATORY, CONSEQUENTIAL, AND/OR INCIDENTAL, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE CONDUCT OF YOU OR ANYONE ELSE IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF THE SERVICE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, BODILY INJURY, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, AND/OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES RESULTING FROM COMMUNICATIONS OR MEETINGS WITH OTHER REGISTERED USERS OF THIS SERVICE OR PERSONS YOU MEET THROUGH THIS SERVICE. YOU AGREE TO TAKE REASONABLE PRECAUTIONS IN ALL INTERACTIONS WITH OTHER MEMBERS OF THE SERVICE, PARTICULARLY IF YOU DECIDE TO MEET OFFLINE OR IN PERSON.
                        YOU UNDERSTAND THAT CHEMISPARK.COM MAKES NO GUARANTEES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING YOUR ULTIMATE COMPATIBILITY WITH INDIVIDUALS YOU MEET THROUGH THE SERVICE. YOU SHOULD NOT PROVIDE YOUR FINANCIAL INFORMATION (FOR EXAMPLE, YOUR CREDIT CARD OR BANK ACCOUNT INFORMATION) TO OTHER MEMBERS.

                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        11)
                        Liability:
                        You understand and agree that you use Hitmeupdate.com and its related services at your own risk. Hitmeupdate.com's services are provided on an "as is" basis without representations or warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including but not limited to warranties of title, non-infringement, or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, other than those warranties which are incapable of exclusion under law.

                        Hitmeupdate.com provides on-line personal dating services and tools to singles and other similarly interested individuals, as well as forums for discussion and commentaries to subscribers through  Hitmeupdate.com  and other means of distribution. Hitmeupdate does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of, or otherwise endorse any information contained on hitmeupdate.com. Due to the number of sources from which content distributed by Hitmeupdate is obtained, there may be delays, omissions or inaccuracies in such content.
                        You acknowledge that any use of the service is at your own risk. We do not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any member profile, advice, opinion, statement or other information displayed, uploaded or distributed through the service by Hitmeupdate, our partners or any user of the service or any other person or entity. You acknowledge that any reliance upon any such opinion, member profile, advice, statement or information shall be at your sole risk. Your continued use of the service now, or following the posting of notice of any changes in this agreement, will constitute a binding acceptance by you of this agreement, or any subsequent modifications.

                        You hereby acknowledge and agree that under no circumstances will Hitmeupdate.com, its officers, directors, employees, agents and third party content providers or licensors be liable to you or any third party for any loss whatsoever caused by your use or reliance on information obtained through the content distributed by Hitmeupdate as well as any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive or consequential damages or injury arising out of the use or inability to use the Hitmeupdate service or out of the breach of any warranty, or caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to and/or alteration of the hitmeupdate.com  website, no matter whether such claims are based in contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or any other cause of action, and regardless of whether Hitmeupdate has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        12)
                        Indemnity by You. You agree to indemnify and hold Hitmeupdate.com, its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, and other partners and employees, harmless from any loss, liability, claim, or demand, including reasonable attorney's fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the Service in violation of this Agreement and/or arising from a breach of this Agreement and/or any breach of your representations and warranties set forth above.
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        13)
                        Reporting Violations. If you wish to report any violation of this Agreement by others, including Members, you may do so by using the "Report Profile" button on the Services or by contacting us here.
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        Please Contact Us with any questions regarding this agreement.
                        <br></br>
                        <br></br>
                        I HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT AND AGREE TO ALL OF THE PROVISIONS CONTAINED ABOVE.

                      
                    </p:layoutUnit>

                </p:layout>



            </ui:define>



        </ui:composition>



    </body>
</html>
